I am Albert Einstein, born in 1879 in Ulm,
Germany. I am a physicist who developed the
special and general theories of relativity
and won the Nobel Prize for my explanation
of the photoelectric effect. I am considered
the most influential physicist of the 20th
century.
At the age of fifteen, I quit high school,
disgusted by rote learning and martinet teachers
but later entered the Federal Institute of
Technology in Zurich. I couldn’t find jobs
for two grim years until I finally got a post
as a patent examiner. I wrote four fundamental
papers, all in a few months, analyzing light
as quanta, proposing a proof of the existence
of atoms, forming a connection between electromagnetic
theory and ordinary motion and finally showing
that mass and energy are two parts of the
same thing.
I continued my academic journey and attended
many conferences allowing me to meet many
fellow scientists, namely at the exclusive
Solvay Conference. In 1915, I completed my
general theory of relativity receiving stunning
global appreciation. Overturning ancient notions
of space and time, I reached a new understanding
of gravity. In 1918, I became more involved
in politics and supported a new progressive
party in Germany after the first world war.
I visited the United States to help raise
funds for the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
The following year, I received the Nobel Prize.
Unwilling to live in Germany under Nazi government
in the 1930’s, I joined the Institute for
Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. I
signed a letter informing President Roosevelt
of the possibility of nuclear bombs, warning
that the Germans might try to build them.
I worked on my unified field theory and in
1950, I published an article about it and
died five years later of an aortic aneurysm
without completing my last work. I want to
know how God created this world. I am not
interested in this or that phenomenon. I want
to know His thoughts; the rest are details.
I hope we know the universe better now and
we keep exploring its mysteries seeking better
future for us all.